B2B SAS is the best business model in the world. Most founders think they need the Silicon Valley playbook. Raise venture capital, burn through cash, grow at all costs, and hope for an exit before you run out of runway. But there's a better way. It's to build profitably, scale sustainably, and keep control of your company and your future. I'm Rob Walling, and I've built six companies, had two exits, written five books, and invested in hundreds of startups. Over the last two decades, I've worked directly with thousands of founders at every stage of the journey, and I'm on a mission to multiply the number of independent self-sustaining software startups in the world. In 2011, I co-founded MicroCom, the original community for bootstrapped and mostly bootstrap founders. We've hosted more than 45 in-person and remote events that bring together SAS founders from around the world. This channel started as micro, but now we're expanding to cover everything I work on. insights from my books, my podcast startups for the rest of us, and from Tiny Seed, where we've invested in and coached hundreds of B2B SAS founders through our early stage accelerator and our growth programs for 7 figure plus companies. All of these touch points with thousands of founders give me realtime insights into what's actually working today. Not just theory, but proven tactics from the trenches. On this channel, I go deep on the strategies you need for every stage. things like finding a profitable SAS idea and landing your first customers. Then building a sales engine to reach hundreds or thousands more, managing your first hire and building a lean, high performing team, scaling from 1,000 to 10,000 to 100,000 to a million in MR and eventually navigating the path to exit. Because the goal isn't just to launch a startup, it's to stay sane while you build a life-changing business that gives you freedom, optionality, and control over your future. Whether you're at day 1 or year 10, make sure you hit subscribe to get notified when I launch new videos. If you're just getting started and you're trying to find a profitable SAS idea, you should watch this video next. And if you're later stage and looking to scale, check out this video. Thanks for watching. I'll see you next time.


